---
linkTitle: ignore
title: ignore
weight: 10
sidebar:
  exclude: true
---

## Intro

Boxart Buddy has the following features:

- Generate optmized boxart, folder art, portmaster artwork & game descriptions using a single command. Generated files
  are packaged to allow them to be dropped into MUOS without having to rename or reorganize them.
- Template files/folders are structured to allow and easy encourage sharing. Resources are managed automatically (no
  copy/pasting images into skyscraper resource folders)
- Generates 'preview' boards for templates. Previews can embed theme background and overlays to more accurately show
  what they look like on device.
- Allows for more complex configuration than skyscraper allows alone. Generate against multiple artwork.xml files in the
  same operation. For example map some systems to use 'portrait_optimized.xml' and other systems to use '
  landscape_optimized.xml'.
- Translation/Token Replacement. Allows using images conditionally on a per system basis (e.g system logos). Useful for
  folder artwork or for adding system specific images to boxart. This also allows things like Math and other types of
  logic within templates.
- Manage different romsets via configuration. Configuration files allow easy targeting of different romset/folders.
- Optmizes output image (filesize) using [spatie/image-optimizer](https://github.com/spatie/image-optimizer)
- Configuration presets for popular romsets (done2/tinybestset).
- Generates artwork for [Portmaster](https://github.com/PortsMaster/PortMaster-New) (optionally).
- 'Post Processing' allows image manipulation after generation. Examples included to add a scrollbar to artwork, or
  reference artwork adjacent (to create scrolling list effects).
- Automatically parses the 'skipped.txt' files generated by skyscraper and generates import files ready to be filled and
  re-imported. This allows you to quickly add artwork and information for roms that are not matched automatically (e.g
  translations/hacks etc) [See the docs](skipped).
- Add entries to 'config/extra_names.json' to provide titles for MAME roms currently missing in MUOS
- Build in SFTP to allow automatic transfer to device. Useful when iterating designs (Kind of broken currently!)

## Individual Commands

You can bootstrap the application using presets like this to give 'config_platform.yml' files already configured

